If you are having trouble viewing this newsletter, please click the following link below or copy and paste it into your web browser:
http://news.blazeletter.com/previewnewsletter.php?id=10091
		
	

800 Second Ave., New York, NY
	
	
	
	MENUS 	PARTIES 	SPECIALS 	EVENTS 	SPORTS 	PHOTOS

	    	

Thursday Cocktail Party

As the weather warms up, so do our specials! Thursday Cocktail Party is the new happy hour every week at McFadden's. Enjoy our new $5 drinks and $6 tapas special.

Tickets available online for just $5, and at the door for $10. Ticket includes $5 mixed drinks, draft beer, wine, and $6 all tapas off of our new Thursday Cocktail Party menu from 6-9pm.

Set your post-work drink plans now, and get your tickets for tonight's Cocktail Party here.

	    	

Mets 2016 Season Kick Off Party

Who's got NYM Fever? Lets drink our way into the new season together, this Saturday, April 2nd.  Purchase a $25 pre-sale ticket online for an unlimited mixed drinks and all draft beer special from 9pm-1am.

Plus, pre-sale ticket holders will automatically be entered into a raffle to win a pair of tickets on us.

Don't miss out on all of the excitement. Click here to purchase tickets today.

	    	

Saturday Night Start Up

The weekend only lasts so long, make the most of your Saturday night and get started early with us! $20 pre-sale ticket includes a 2 hour open bar from 8-10pm and 25% off your dinner bill. Open bar includes well mixed drinks, domestic draft beer, and wine.

Open bar valid in both dining room and bar area. 25% off dinner discount only valid on dining room.

Click here to purchase your ticket for this Saturday's start up today.

McFadden's Restaurant and Saloon is a full service Irish pub and restaurant located near Grand Central station in Midtown East in Manhattan. We are the perfect venue to celebrate a birthday party or enjoy an after work happy hour.

McFadden's NYC
800 Second Ave., New York, NY

Subscriber Information
You are currently subscribed as kieran.roberts@gmail.com
To report abuse, please email abuse@blazeletter.com
To remove yourself, please click the following link: Remove Me
	

